docs: update the README to include correct env variables (#289)
dhis2/sms-configuration-app: README.md

```json
{
    "dhis2BaseUrl": "",
    "dhis2Username": "",
    "dhis2Password": "",
    "dhis2DataTestPrefix": "dhis2-smsconfiguration"
}
```

> The value for the first three fields needs to be appropriate for the server you wish to test against. Check out [this](https://cli-utils-cypress.dhis2.nu/#/guides/add-login-credentials) documentation for more details

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The values for the first three fields need to be appropriate for the server you wish to test against. Check out [this](https://cli-utils-cypress.dhis2.nu/#/guides/add-login-credentials) documentation for more details
```
